Open the calendar
Play the new Katy Perry video on YouTube
What's on the menu at Papa Murphy's?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Philadelphia?
What's the price of the Galaxy phone on eBay?
Open a new private window in Chrome
How do I get to the nearest Target?
Install the Twitter app
Search for flights from NYC to Mexico city
What is the capital of China?
What's US dollar exchange rate against the South Korean Won?
What is the speed of a train?
What is the capital of Norway?
What's the news in Peru?
How do I get to the nearest IKEA?
What's a good restaurant in Miami?
How much does a 3 bedroom apartment rent for in Houston?
What's the weather like in Chicago?
Set an alarm for 6pm
What is the capital of Mexico?
What's the news in Cambodia?
What's a good restaurant in Chicago?
What is the capital of Japan?
Search for flights from Barcelona to Mexico city
What's on the menu at Olive Garden?
What's the news in India?
What is the capital of Canada?
Search for a new nail polish
Open a new Chrome tab
What's the latest news in planetary science?
How much does a 2 bedroom apartment rent for in Boston?
Search for hotels in Las Vegas
Where can I buy a nice beach towel?
What's the price of the LG TV?
Search for a new highlighter
What's the latest video from GameXplain?
Search for top rated sushi restaurants on Maps
What's the weather like in Johannesburg?
Search for hotels in London
Install the Google app
Search for a new 65" TV at Best Buy
Add "sony triple a" to the cart on amazon
Search for "macbook pro 15 inch" on walmart.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Look up the best gaming headphones on Best Buy
Add bose quietcomfort 35 to the cart on costco.com
Add macbook pro to the cart on amazon.com
Add "dell xps" to the cart on bestbuy, then select checkout.
Clear the shopping cart on newegg.com. Search for "razer naga" on newegg.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
View the shopping cart on ebay. Search for "usb-a" on ebay, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
Search for "rayovac triple a" on walmart, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Clear the cart on newegg. Search for duracell triple a on newegg, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
Add bose quietcomfort 35 to the cart on amazon.com
Search for jbl flip 4 on ebay.com, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
Clear the cart on newegg.com. Add usb-a to the cart on newegg.com, then select checkout.
Clear all items from cart on costco. Search for bose quietcomfort 35 on costco, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Search for the best books of all time on Goodreads
Clear the cart on target.com. Search for "logitech g502" on target.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Clear the cart on costco.com. Search for usb-c to usb-a on costco.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Search for duracell triple a on newegg.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Show the shopping cart on amazon. Add dell alienware to the cart on amazon, then select checkout.
Search for acer predator on ebay.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Show the shopping cart on ebay.com. Search for "razer blackwidow" on ebay.com, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
Add razer nari to the cart on target, then select checkout.
Add bose soundlink to the cart on amazon.com
Empty the shopping cart on newegg.com. Add jbl charge 4 to the cart on newegg.com, then select checkout.
Clear the shopping cart on costco.
Clear all items from cart on bestbuy.com. Search for usb-a on bestbuy.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Clear the shopping cart on amazon.com. Search for razer blade on amazon.com, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
Add macbook air to the cart on target
Search for "corsair k70" on target.com, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
View the shopping cart on bestbuy. Search for "logitech g pro" on bestbuy, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
View the shopping cart on bestbuy.com. Search for panasonic triple a on bestbuy.com, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
Clear the shopping cart on target.com. Add macbook air to the cart on target.com, then select checkout.
Search for razer blade on bestbuy.com, select the first entry, and add it to the cart.
Clear the cart on target. Add "usb-c to usb-a" to the cart on target
Search for the best books on Goodreads
Search for a 3d printer on aliexpress
Search for duracell triple a on costco.com, select the first entry, add it to the cart, then select checkout.
Add lg ultragear to the cart on bestbuy.com
Clear all items from cart on walmart.com. Add macbook pro to the cart on walmart.com, then select checkout.
Do I have any events tomorrow?
toggle data saver in the chrome app
turn off airplane mode
Open calendar and show me the first week of next month
Go to location settings
create a new album in the google photos
Open calendar and show me the fourth week of next month
What's on my calendar today?
check android version
add a label to a message in the gmail app
Open the calendar and show me this week's events?
turn on the 24-hour format for clock
empty trash in google photos
turn on showing notifications on the lock screen
turn on bluetooth scan
toggle notification dots
set the timer
Open Wikipedia
open chrome and create a bookmark for the current page
change the upload size in google photos
Show me popular videos on Youtube
Go to settings
change the clock display to analog
Search for Italian restaurants on Maps
turn pop-ups on in chrome
turn vacation reply on in the gmail app
turn on wifi
Search for pizza restaurants on Maps
Check the weather
toggle sleep mode
turn notification dots off
turn off translation in the chrome app
all mails in gmail
Go to privacy settings
Is it going to rain today?
toggle wifi
Is it going to rain this weekend?
Open calendar and show me the second week of next month
see creations saved in the google photos
Open internet settings
