Open the Reminder App
Open the Calendar App
Open the Map App
Open the Contacts App
Open Safari
Open the Wallet App
Open Messages
Open Health App
Open Files App
Open Shortcuts App
Open Freeform App
Open Watch App
Open General Page in Settings App
Find the About Page in Settings App
Find the iOS version of this device in Settings
Find the Serial Number of this device in Settings
Disable Auto-Correction for Keyboard in Settings
Disable Smart Punctuation for Keyboard in Settings
Disable Slide to Type for Keyboard in Settings
Disable Caps Lock for Keyboard in Settings
Change the Temperature Degree to Celsius in Settings/General
Change Safari Search Engine to Yahoo in Settings
Change Safari Search Engine to Bing in Settings
Change Safari Search Engine to Baidu in Settings
Change Safari Search Engine to Sogou in Settings
Change the preferred language of Safari to Chinese in Settings
Change the preferred language of Safari to Japanese in Settings
Change the preferred language of Safari to Russian in Settings
Change the preferred language of Safari to Thai in Settings
Change the preferred type of travel of Maps to Driving in Settings
Change the preferred type of travel of Maps to Transit in Settings
Change the preferred type of travel of Maps to Cycling in Settings
Disable location access of Maps in Settings
Disable Siri's access to Maps in Settings
Disable Siri's acces to Health in Settings
Disable Siri's access to News in Settings
Create a reminder to "Buy a Birthday Gift for Alice"
Create a reminder of "Dinner with Peter"
Create a reminder of "Lunch with Dave"
Create a reminder of "Christmax Eve"
Send a message to Kate Bell say "How are you doing?"
Send a text message using the Messages app to the first contact saying "Happy New Year!"
Use the Reminders app to set a reminder for "Water the plants" for tomorrow.
Use the Reminders app to set a reminder for "Wash Clothes" for tomorrow.
Show me the latest image I took in the Photos
Show me the photos in the album "Recent"
Show me the photos in the album "Favorite"
Use Maps to find the nearest McDonald's.
Use Maps to find the nearest grocery store.
Use Maps to find the nearest gas station.
Use Maps to find the nearest metro station.
Create an event called "dinner" on calendar for today
Create an event called "dinner" on calendar for tomorrow
Create an event called "lunch" on calendar for today
Create an event called "Meeting with Joey" on calendar for today 8pm
Create an event called "Meeting with Anne" on calendar for tomorrow 2pm
Create an event called "Meeting with Simon" on calendar for today 8am
Use the Contacts app to find David Taylor's phone number.
Use the Contacts app to find Kate Bell's phone number.
Use the Contacts app to find Daniel's phone number.
Use the Contacts app to find Anna Haro's birthday.
Use the Contacts app to find David Taylor's birthday.
Use the Contacts app to find David Taylor's address.
Use the Contacts app to find Kate Bell's address.
Use the Contacts app to find Daniel's address.
Use the Contacts app to find John Appleseed's address.
Create a new Contact called Bill.
Create a new Contact called Dan with phone number 8888-8888.
Create a new Contact called Kelly with phone number 1234-5678.
Use the Calendar app to add a new all-day event called "On Vacation" at tomorrow.
Use the Calendar app to add a new all-day event called "On Vacation" for yesterday.
Open Files and create a new folder named "Work Documents" at "On My iPhone".
Open the News app and open the top-most news article.
Open Safari and show me MIT's wikipedia page.
Open Safari and show me Stanford's wikipedia page.
Open Safari and show me CMU's wikipedia page.
Open Safari and show me Apple's wikipedia page.
Open Safari and show me Microsft's wikipedia page.
Open Safari and show me Amazon's wikipedia page.
Find the wikipedia page of McDonald's in Safari.